Add notes on debugging cluster creation (#640)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-azure: hack/debugging/Readme.md

# Debugging scripts
Some helpful scripts for debugging various setups

## Kubectl plugins
Any scripts that start with kubectl can be used as [kubectl plugins](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/extend-kubectl/kubectl-plugins/).  They can also be used directly as with any other script.

> To use as plugins the files to a folder in your path such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use as plugins, copy the files to a folder in your path such as:
```

```shell
cp hack/debugging/kubectl-* /usr/local/bin
```

To use as a script:

```
./hack/debugging/kubectl-capz-ssh
```

### capz-ssh
Quickly ssh to a node to debug VM join issues.

```bash
# find the azure cluster and azure machine you wish to ssh too
$ kubectl get azuremachine
NAME                                 READY   STATE
capz-cluster-0-control-plane-5b5fc   true    Succeeded
capz-cluster-0-control-plane-vg8pl   true    Succeeded
capz-cluster-0-control-plane-z5pst   true    Succeeded
capz-cluster-0-md-0-fljwt            true    Succeeded
capz-cluster-0-md-0-wbx2r            true    Succeeded

$ kubectl capz ssh -am capz-cluster-3-control-plane-rcmkh
```

### capz-map

> There are many different CRD's required to deploy a machine (azmachine, capimachine, kubeadm bootstrap).  View how all the configurations are mapped together:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many different CRDs required to deploy a machine (such as azmachine, capimachine, and kubeadm bootstrap).  View how all the configurations are mapped together:
```
